studio: further enhancements (#2510)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/studio/run-experiments.md

[CML](https://dvc.org/doc/cml) Github Actions can be used to run ML experiments
on each new commit.

> Note that due to access restrictions, you cannot run experiments on the demo
> view (`example-get-started`) that is provided to you by default. Once you
> create views for your ML project repositories, you can follow the instructions

> > given below and run experiments directly from DVC Studio.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> given below to run experiments directly from DVC Studio.
```

   change the hidden files such as the `model.pkl` model file and the
   `scores.json` metrics file. You can also choose not to change any input data
   files if you only wish to change the values of one or more hyperparameters.
2. **Hyperparameters**: You can change the values of the hyperparameters that
   are defined in your ML project. For instance, in the `example-get-started`
   project, you can change `max_features` (the maximum number of features that
   the model uses), `ngrams`, etc. You can also choose not to change any
   hyperparameters if you only wish to change one or more input data files.

The default values of the input data files and hyperparameters in this form are
extracted from your selected commit.

![](https://static.iterative.ai/img/studio/cml_changes_v2.png)

Once you have made all the required changes, enter your Git commit message and
description. Then, select the branch to commit to. You can commit to either the
base branch or a new branch. If you commit to a new branch, a Git pull request
will automatically be created from the new branch to the base branch. Now, click
on `Commit changes`.

![](https://static.iterative.ai/img/studio/cml_commit_v2.png)

> At this point, the new experiment appears in the view table. If you check in
> your Git repository, you will find the Git commit that you just made. If you had
> committed to a new branch, a new pull request will also have been created from
> the new branch to the base branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At this point, the new experiment appears in the view table. If you just
committed to a new branch, then a new pull request will also have been created
from the new branch to the base branch.
```

> If your project is integrated with a CI/CD setup (eg, GitHub Actions), the CI/CD

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your project is integrated with a CI/CD setup (e.g. GitHub Actions), the CI/CD
```

setup will get invoked. If this setup includes a model training process, it will
be triggered, which means that your ML experiment will run automatically. The
model training can happen on any cloud or Kubernetes. For more details on how to

> set up CI/CD pipelines for your ML project, refer to
> [CML](https://dvc.org/doc/cml) .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
set up CI/CD pipelines for your ML project, refer to [CML](https://cml.dev).
```
